Bluetooth: Mesh: Improve LLC light property update (#16047)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_DFU_CLI` to no longer enable the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_DFU_METADATA_ON_BUILD` by default.
    The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_DFU_METADATA_ON_BUILD` can still be manually enabled.
  * The JSON file, added to :file:`dfu_application.zip` during the automatic DFU metadata generation, to now contain a field for the ``core_type`` used when encoding the metadata.

>   * The Light Lightness Control Server to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Reviewer: Should be moved to line 875 I think, under `Bluetooth libraries and services`, and also use a link to the server model like this:

```suggestion
  * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.
```

* :ref:`bt_mesh` library:

  * Updated:

    * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model documentation to explicitly mention the Occupany On event.

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Reviewer 2: Lightness state machine has states On, Prolong and Standby. If Run is the correct name, we should update the rest of the docs :)
Also, are we mentioning the message anywhere else in the docs? I couldn't find it.

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Author: The "On" state consists of the "Fade On" and "Run" states mentioned in the MMDL specification, and is mentioned here: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/58931cea383cf4de9e59067301a79e158c60375f/include/bluetooth/mesh/light_ctrl_srv.h#L107-L110
Run is more precise IMO.

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Author: I'm not sure if we mention the message anywhere other than in the API: 
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/include/bluetooth/mesh/light_ctrl_cli.h#L455
I could add "(as a result of calling :c:func:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_cli_prop_set` or :c:func:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_cli_prop_set_unack`)

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Author: Added a suggestion

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Reviewer 2: The name we use in the header file is RUN, and it should probably be called that way (if this is how it is written in the spec). I do agree that it then looks a bit odd when we're referring to state names Prolong and Standby and then having RUN... So we can agree on writing Run then, for now.

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the states "RUN", "PROLONG" or "STANDBY" when receiving a "Light LC Property Set" message modifying the relevant state's level.

Author: The spec has capital first letters for the states besides in certain figures, so this should be OK :)

>     * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or the target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the Run, Prolong or Standby states when receiving a Light LC Property Set message (i. e. as a result of calling :c:func:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_cli_prop_set`) modifying the relevant state's level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` to instantly change the current or the target lightness level if the state machine is in or transitioning to one of the Run, Prolong or Standby states when receiving a Light LC Property Set message (as a result of calling the function :c:func:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_cli_prop_set`) modifying the relevant state's level.
```
